Mark deprecated all mentions of authmanager and webconfig (#199)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/acra-in-depth/cryptography-and-key-management/_index.md

* transport protection and authentication: during mutual authentication and encryption used in 
  [Themis Secure Session](/themis/crypto-theory/cryptosystems/secure-session/) and [TLS](/acra/configuring-maintaining/tls/);
* [audit logging](/acra/security-controls/security-logging-and-events/audit-logging/): when calculating integrity checks of log messages and log chains;

> * [password hashing](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-authmanager#auth-file) of registered users of Acra Web Configuration UI (deprecated and removed after 0.90.0);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [password hashing](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-authmanager#auth-file) of registered users of Acra Web Configuration UI (deprecated and removed since 0.91.0);
```

### Password hashing

{{< hint warning >}}

> Deprecated and will not in use after 0.90.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AcraWebConfig tool is deprecated and removed since 0.91.0. After 0.91.0, Acra components don't store any accounts, thus, don't use password hashing.
```
